Where are the strong? And who are the trusted? 
Who put the bomp in the bomp, bomp, bomp?
Where is love?
Who are you? Who, who? Who, who? 
Won't you come home, Bill Bailey? 
Were you there when they crucified my lord?
Are we human or are we dancer?
Why does it always rain on me?
How many miles must a man walk down before you call him a man?
Have you ever seen the rain?
Who wants to live forever?
Who knows where the time goes?
Where have all the cowboys gone?
Who let the dogs out?
Do you want to build a snowman? 
What does the fox say?
Do you love me?
Wouldn't you think my collection's complete?
Look at this stuff. Isn't it neat?
Will it ever stop?
Do you know the muffin man?
Why do birds suddenly appear every time you are near?
How much is that doggie in the window?
I'll bet you think this song is about you, don't you? Don't you? 
Who ya gonna call?
Have you ever seen the rain?
Can you feel it, see it, hear it today?
What have you done for me lately?
Why can't we be friends?
Who am I?
Will you still love me tomorrow?
Why did Constantinople get the works?
Oh swallow, what did you swallow?
Can I call you sweetheart or even baby doll?
Donna, where can you be? Where can you be?
What does an aardvark say?
What's going on?
Is it raining with you?
What is this feeling, so sudden and new?
O say does that star-spangled banner yet wave, o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?
Is your bed made? Is your sweater on?
Is he a dot, or is he a speck? When he's underwater does he get wet? Or does the water get him instead?
Is there really a brotherhood of man?
What child is this, who, laid to rest, on Mary's lap is sleeping?
What is love?
Do you love me? Do I what?
Do you want to know a secret?
Why do we always come here?
Oh, where, oh, where, oh, where, oh, where, oh, where, oh, where, oh, where oh, where is my hairbrush?
I’m not excited, but should I be? Is this the fate that half of the world has planned for me?
And can it be that I should gain an interest in the Savior's blood?
Does your chewing gum lose its flavor on the bedpost overnight?
What do you get when you guzzle down sweets?
Who do you blame when your kid is a brat?
What do you get from a glut of TV?
Why don't you try simply reading a book?
Will you still love me tomorrow?
How do you solve a problem like Maria?
How do you hold a moonbeam in your hand?
Wouldn't it be loverly?
If happy little bluebirds fly above the rainbow, why, oh, why can't I?
You may ask yourself, well, how did I get here? 
You may ask yourself, how do I work this? 
You may ask yourself, where is that large automobile?
Why's everybody always picking on me?
Psycho killer, qu'est-ce que c'est?
Why do you build me up, buttercup baby, just to let me down?
Mary, did you know that your baby boy would one day walk on water?
But you don't really care for music, do ya?
How do you measure the years in a life?
¿Quien es esta niña?
Y'all ready for this?
Who can that attractive girl be? Which? What? Where? Whom?
War. Huh. Yeah. What is it good for?
Wouldn't it be nice if we were older?
What's the frequency, Kenneth?
What if God was one of us?
Do you have the time to listen to me whine about nothing and everything all at once?
Am I just paranoid? Am I just stoned?
Behind the door, should I open it for you?
Or are you unforgiven, too?
Were you there when they laid him in the tomb?
How does your garden grow?
What I really wanna know is, are you gonna go my way?
How does it feel to be without a home like a complete unknown, like a rolling stone?
Would you like to swing on a star?
Have I told you lately that I love you?
What's new, pussycat?
Would I lie to you?
What becomes of the brokenhearted?
And how can you mend a broken heart? How can you stop the rain falling down? 
Tell me how can you stop the sun from shining? What makes the world go 'round?
What kind of ice cream to the Martians like?
Isn't it ironic?
I don't want to nitpick, Tom, but is this really your plan?
Why can't a man stand alone?
Why can't a woman be just what she seems?
Do you really want to hurt me? Do you really want to make me cry?
What good is seeing eye chocolate? What good's a computerized nose? And what good was cancer in April?
Why you wanna give me the runaround? 
Is it a surefire way to speed things up when all it does is slow me down?
Hey white boy, what you doin' uptown?
Is this love that I'm feeling?
Can you feel the love tonight?
Whatever happened to Saturday night?
Hello. Is it me your looking for?
Tell me, why can't this be love? 
Do you remember the 21st night of September?
How do you talk to an angel? How do you hold her close to where you are?
Who'll stop the rain?
Would you know my name if I saw you in heaven?
Did you write the book of love?
And do you have faith in God above if the Bible tells you so?
Now do you believe in rock and roll?
Can music save your mortal soul?
And can you teach me how to dance real slow?
How'd I get so white n' nerdy?
Were you ever in Quebec, stowing timbers on a deck?
Are you going to Scarborough Fair?
A-well-a, don't you know about the bird?
Will you still need me, will you still feed me when I am 64?
Have you ever really really really ever loved a woman?
Now that I've been lovin' you so long how am I suppose to live without you?
Can you tell a green field from a cold steel rail?
Hello? Is there anybody in there? Just nod if you can hear me—is there anyone home?
Can you hear me, Major Tom?
Straight up, now, tell me are you really gonna love me forever, or am I caught in a hit and run?
Straight up, now tell me is it gonna be you and me together, or are you just having fun?
Should I give up or should I just keep chasing pavements, even if it leads nowhere?
Why can't I free your doubtful mind and melt your cold, cold heart?
Are you experienced? Have you ever been experienced?
What'll you do if you get lonely, and no one's waiting by your side?
Is this the real life? Is this just fantasy?
How many seas must a white dove sail before she sleeps in the sand?
Yes, how many times must the cannon balls fly before they're forever banned?
Where do bad folks go when they die?
Who can it be knocking on my door?
Hello, I love you, won't you tell me your name?
Do you remember when we used to sing, sha la la la la da da la la la la dee da?
What would you do if I sang out of tune? Would you stand up and walk out on me?
Where, oh where, could my baby be?
What about Breakfast at Tiffany's?
What would we do, baby, without us?
Do you believe in love? Do you believe it's true?
Are you lonesome tonight?
Why do fools fall in love?
How high the moon, does it touch the stars? How high the moon, does it reach out to Mars?
Do you know what it means to miss New Orleans?
Isn't she lovely? Isn't she wonderful?
What would you say?
Did you ever see a dream walking? Did you ever hear a dream talking?
Have we trials and temptations? Is there trouble anywhere? 
Can we find a friend so faithful who will all our sorrows share? 
Are we weak and heavy laden, cumbered with a load of care?
Do your friends despise, forsake you?
Do you know the way to San Jose?
Do you know where you're going to? Do you know the things that life is showing you?
What kind of man would I be, living a life without any meaning?
When are you gonna come down? When are you going to land?
Don't ya love her madly? Don't ya need her badly? Don't ya love her ways?
Who's the leader of the club that's made for you and me?
Did you ever read about a frog who dreamed of being a king, and then became one? 
Where do broken hearts go? Can they find their way home?
Who's gonna ride your wild horses?
Does anybody really know what time it is? Does anybody really care?
Oh and by the way, which one's Pink?
When I get older losing my hair, many years from now, will you still be sending me a Valentine, birthday greetings, bottle of wine?
If I'd been out to quarter to three, would you lock the door?
So now this is Christmas, and what have you done?
Is there life out there? 
Who am I to be blind, pretending not to see their needs?
Why, why does he do me that way?
Am I only dreaming or is this burning an eternal flame?
Where have you gone, Joe Dimaggio?
Is this land made for you and me?
Who's that walking down the road, carrying such a heavy load? 
Who's that knocking at my door?
Who's that girl?
Tell me, who's that writin'?
Who do you love? Who do you love? Who do you love? Who do you love?
Where have you been, Cause I never see you out? Are you hiding from me, yeah?
When will I see you again?
When will we share precious moments?
Will I have to wait forever?
Will I have to suffer and cry the whole night through?
When will I see you again?
When will our hearts beat together?
Are we in love or just friends?
Is this my beginning, or is this the end?
How you like me now?
Do you, do you, do you, do you wanna dance?
Well, do you wanna dance under the moonlight? 
Do you believe in magic?